JIRA 37057 (#439)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/index.md

### Overview

> FHIRcast synchronizes healthcare applications in real time to show the same clinical context to a common user. For example, a radiologist often works in three disparate applications at the same time (a radiology information system, a PACS and a dictation system), in this case, each of these three systems needs to display the same study or patient at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FHIRcast synchronizes healthcare applications in real time to ensure the user acts on the same clinical information across these applications. For example, a radiologist often works in three disparate applications at the same time (a radiology information system, a PACS and a dictation system), in this case, each of these three systems needs to display the same study or patient at the same time.
```
